# Sprint 4 Planning (June 3, 2025)

With the Deck finally coming into action and a new set of issues to work with, we have a much clearer set of things to work on for this upcoming sprint.

The tasks we will be working on for this sprint are:
1. Fixing Deck draggability
2. Implementing a Save Game format to store saved games and overall statistics
3. Adding images for Joker cards to allow for fast Joker implementation once the UI is ready
4. Finalizing the UI organization in the layout branch
5. Adding testing to the UI as the Hand, Deck, and Card UI elements get added to the screen
6. Improving the backend tests to cover more of the newer code
7. Updating the documentation and meeting notes, pushing the branch
8. Finalizing the card scoring animation for use in the game

Issues for this new set have been made or are already in the repository. I believe everyone has taken the issues now.

## Additional Notes
We have decided to hold a work day to finish up everything possible and record the videos required for the final step of this course. We will be meeting at Geisel on the 1st or 2nd floors depending on space availability, at 3:00PM (15:00).

## Attendance
- Nathan Reed (Meeting Leader)
- Sruti Mani
- Long Hodac
- Hanbin Tan
- Yifei Xue
- Anthony Velikov
- Jason Huang
- Min Aung Paing
- Mahdi Najjar