# Sprint 1 Retrospective (May 19, 2025)

## Main Topics
This retrospective did not have much to cover, as for the majority of the team did not begin until yesterday afternoon. However, this did provide some insight on process and communication shortcomings which need to be addressed. In this meeting, we discussed:
1. **Starting Earlier**: We agreed that the main issue at hand during this sprint was that work did not begin early enough to meet the proposed deadline.
2. **Updating Deadline Task Assignments**: Upon starting, we have discovered that the originally proposed deadlines may not be achievable. This has been noted for discussion and potential updating during the next retrospective.

## Resolutions for Issues
### Starting Earlier
It is difficult to tell at this point, but I believe this was a combination of business with midterms and a lack of established communication channels. I believe that gaining momentum over the past 2 days will carry on through this sprint, but I will also more actively discuss the repo during class meetings and over Slack to try to ensure progress is happening.

### Updating Deadline Task Assignmentshave have
As stated above, this will be a point of discussion for the next retrospective and sprint planning on the 25th/26th. I believe that we will have a functional game by the proposed end time, but it is still too early to reasonably tell what changes will be necessary to the timeline. However, I can already tell that Agile does introduce a lot of overhead, which I will track and attempt to account for in updated timelines.

## Attendance
- Nathan Reed (Meeting Leader)
- Min Paing
- Anthony Velikov
- Jason Huang
- Kevin Lee
- Jason Huang
- Yifei Xue